# Resignation letter

Hello mappers! I’ve resigned from the BNG and I have a few words to say.

Firstly, I would like to mention **all mappers whose maps I accepted before but haven’t modded so far**. You might have noticed that I removed my backlog from the profile a while ago, and some of you might assume I simply dropped all of these sets, but that is not the case at all. The maps are still in my backlog, I removed the link just to make it more straightforward to see what maps I wanted to push as my last nominations for this BN cycle. The reasons these maps weren’t modded or nominated are simple: you didn’t have 2nd BN, or 2nd BN is in a dead phase, and I cannot wait for them to come back. In case I ever rejoin the team, **feel free to re-send me these maps,** and I’m likely to accept them in the future if the issue with the 2nd BN is addressed.

Moving forward, I would like to explain my reasons for resignation, and I hope you will understand them.

*tldr im tired and need some rest:*

- **IRL IRL IRL.** I’ve recently found a new job, which I really like, however, thinking about BN duties all the time distracts me from doing my job properly. I need some time to show my company I’m a valuable employee, and I need to get rid of some of the distracting factors.
- **I am not satisfied with my own performance as a beatmap nominator.** Although I didn’t have major disqualifications or resets over the past few months, I’ve noticed a huge drop in my modding quality and would like to take some rest from modding maps as a BN and rather focus on helping others by general modding, which would actually improve their maps, rather than looking into them as a BN. Modding as a BN and modding as a regular user is different, as we all know, cuz for BN it’s important to keep an eye on major fuckups and unrankables, rather than actually improving the map. While it does feel like a generally easier job, I feel that I’m bored with it at the moment.
- **Some people treat you differently when you are a beatmap nominator.** It is no surprise that having a shiny BN badge in your profile differentiates you from other mappers, some people are simply too annoying and treat you differently because you are a BN and try to do anything to become your friend to get easy nominations. It isn’t likely to change ever, as it’s obvious that being a part of some privileged user group is gonna make you different from others anyway. I wanna take some rest from it and go into a calmer mode for now.
- **Lack of people who are likely to nominate songs I enjoy the most.** Recently, it has been a hot topic within the community that ranking anything that isn’t Japanese, anime, or weeb stuff is difficult due to a lack of beatmap nominators to take care of these maps, and unfortunately, this issue isn’t just about mappers struggling but also nominators who want to promote that kind of music. The most disappointing event that happened recently was riffy’s removal from BNG, and he was the one I would always be up to nominate beatmaps with as he had a similar music vibe to mine as well as generally being a cool guy. I have no idea if he’s planning to return at any point in the future, but we need some time to get new nominators who would fit the position of 2nd BN on songs I enjoy.
- **Overall atmosphere within BNG/NAT.** Although I did not really have bad experience with NAT members over my time as a BN, and in fact, I am surprised how positive they have been towards me during the last evaluation cycle, it is still a hot topic that some NAT members might be too strict in certain cases. I don’t wanna talk too much shit about this, as I am not the one who had issues, but you’ve probably already heard such takes. Things like this affect the overall atmosphere within the team a lot, making it kinda hard to stay in a neutral position. I just want the team to become a good place again, where you don’t always feel the pressure or see continuous disputes going on.
- **Focus on personal projects.** It is hard to focus on my own mapping and other osu! related projects when I am a part of the BNG as it takes a giant portion of my free time, as well as my personal powers, because I always have to choose between mapping my own map or modding that set I accepted a week ago because the mapper wants it to be ranked soon.

That being said, I am very grateful to all the people who have been around while I was a beatmap nominator, as well as would like to thank NAT for allowing me to stay in the team for so long. I really hope that my service as a BN had been helpful to some of you or the community in general.

This is not the end, trust me, I will be back at some point, maybe at the beginning of 2024, we will see.

Best of luck to everyone, and I hope to see you guys soon, enjoying my new mapping projects!